[cackles]
My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be King
of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended
to win a tournament
that promised the Flame-Flame
fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when
Law was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to
the palace to save him.
[USOPP] Special Attack...
Green Star Platanus!
Shuriken!
[LUFFY] "A Fateful Encounter!
Kyros and King Riku!"
[USOPP panting]
Usoland!
[ALL]
[DWARVES]
Usoland!
I did it.
All that's left is Sugar.
I hate to beat up a little girl,
but I don't think we're gonna
settle this over hopscotch.
I have to get that Tatababasco
grape in her mouth somehow.
You moron. I can't
believe you lost to him.
Just die, Trebol, really.
[TREBOL] I didn't lose!
And I'm not gonna die!
[USOPP whimpers]
[GROUP gasps]
[laughs]
[shrieks] This guy
is super creepy!
Hey, y'know, you probably
would've survived
if you had just
kept running away.
But since you bothered to come
back, you're dead. [chuckles]
[gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
There was a report that you were
on the first floor, sir.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Huh? What're you talking about?
[BUFFALO] Maybe it was
someone who looks like you?
No biggie, right?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Who the hell looks like me?
Something's going on.
[KYROS]
King Riku.
[KYROS grunts]
[KYROS]
This is a fine sword.
If I turn back into
a human, this will do.
[VIOLET grunts]
Straw Hat.
My father was fighting
in the coliseum today.
Uh? The old king?
[VIOLET]
He was spurred into action after
Doflamingo lied
about his abdication.
Today, I decided
to fight back, like him.
[KYROS] King Riku was
fighting in the coliseum?
[panting]
[GUARD A] There was
a squabble in the slums;
two people are dead.
The murderer is a teenage boy.
We have him surrounded!
Nowhere to go!
[KYROS yells]
[GUARDS groaning]
What's with this kid?
This is bad. We might
have to open fire.
[KYROS growls]
[GUARD G]
You can't shoot him!
He's just a child!
Yeah, but--
[KYROS growls]
[GUARDS gasp]
King Riku?
My lord, wait!
He's far too dangerous!
Stay away!
He might look like
some young punk,
but he's known throughout
the whole kingdom
for his strength.
I don't care if you're
the stinkin' king or not!
Anyone who steps up to me is
going to suffer for it! [yells]
[DOLDO grunts]
[GUARD G] The king
is in danger! Open fire!
[DOLDO] No! Don't
shoot! Put your guns down!
[GUARD J gasps]
But, my lord.
I heard you were
in a terrible fight--
that you were all on your own,
against dozens of angry thugs.
And in the end, more than
half of them were badly injured.
And two were killed.
That's true.
But they ganged up on my
best friend and murdered him.
I was only taking revenge for
his death!
What are you, a beast?
[KYROS]
Call me whatever you like!
You haven't lived my life--
you don't know a damned thing!
My friend, he... was like
a brother to me, all right?
He was the only
person I ever trusted.
Kyros, was your name?
[growls]
[KYROS grunts, gasps]
He could attack! Step away!
Be careful, my lord!
[DOLDO chuckles]
Come with me, please.
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
The 15-year-old murderer, Kyros,
is facing off with one
of our seasoned veterans!
[MAN A] This coliseum is a
sacred place!
[MAN B] A killer like you
doesn't belong here, damn it!
[MAN C] Teach that
little bastard a lesson!
--[bell rings]
--[GYATS] And begin!
[GLADIATOR A] Sorry, killer,
but those sword blades are blunt
so that we don't
murder each other.
That's not gonna stop me
from breaking some of
your bones, though! [grunts]
[bell ringing]
[GYATS] It's over in a flash!
The winner is Kyros!
The teenage murderer
smashes heads and expectations!
Get up and fight
me again! [yells]
That's enough! Stop!
That's true skill!
If his blade wasn't blunt,
he would've killed that man!
I'd call it savagery,
but here, it's "skill."
[DOLDO]
How is Kyros doing?
[GUARD CAPTAIN A]
He nearly killed
all the convict gladiators
he was held with.
He hasn't eaten for six days
and keeps shouting "Call
King Riku!" again and again.
[KYROS]
Dammit!
[GLADIATORS whimper]
[DOLDO]
What is it, Kyros?
[KYROS] King Riku! What the
hell are you trying to pull?!
If you're going to execute me,
then do it already!
You can shoot me or hang me
or whatever you like!
Do you truly want to die?
Or is this just regret?
Regret? I was foolish to
think you understood me.
If you just brought me
here to suffer, then kill me!
Let me die, damn it!
[DOLDO] The gladiatorial
contest that you fought in
was not some meaningless
display of carnage
nor was it a punishment.
Rather, it is a tradition that
has continued for centuries.
A sacred event,
in which fighters
discipline their mind
and hone their spirit.
I think you'd
make a fine gladiator.
A gladiator? Really?
[GUARD CAPTAIN A] King Riku is
willing to release you on parole
if you're able to
win 100 matches.
Even if it takes years,
that's how you may
earn your freedom.
[CROWD cheering]
[MAN D]
Kick that murderer's ass!
[CROWD]
Down with Kyros!
[GLADIATORS grunting, groaning]
[GYATS] That's 20 consecutive
victories for Kyros!
He's truly a formidable fighter!
[GLADIATOR F groans]
[GYATS]
Fifty consecutive victories!
Yeah!
[GYATS] One hundred consecutive
victories!
Even our strongest gladiators
fell before the might of Kyros!
It's hard to believe,
but he's won his
freedom in no time at all!
He's too strong. That's crazy!
That killer doesn't
deserve to be free!
Huh?
Hey!
Come on! Think about it!
If they let him out of here,
then what's going to stop
that monster from killing again?
She's right.
[CROWD shouting]
[MAN H] Yeah! I don't want that
guy anywhere near my family!
[MAN I]
You can't set him free!
[MAN J] Keep fighting
till you die, bastard!
[DOLDO]
You're going to stay here?
[KYROS]
I can't go where I'm not wanted.
Hm. That's strange.
You care about other people's
opinion all of a sudden?
[KYROS]
Shut up!
I should've known.
People only like beasts as
long as they stay in a cage.
Wherever I go, there's no place
in this world where I belong!
If that's what they want,
I'll fight and
die like an animal!
[GYATS]
Two hundred victories!
[MAN K]
Somebody, take that guy out!
[WOMAN C]
Make him pay!
[GYATS]
Three hundred victories!
The heroes line up
one after another,
but Kyros cuts
them down to size!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
Unbelievable!
We're witnessing an
unprecedented 1,000th victory!
[WOMEN]
Go, Kyros!
Nice work! You're awesome!
[KYROS]
Before I knew it,
the ire of the crowd had
transformed into adoration.
And yet, I could
still find no peace.
[KYROS groaning]
[KYROS gasps, panting]
[DOLDO]
Here again, Kyros?
Listen.
[KYROS]
Go away!
Don't you understand?
No matter where I go,
for the rest of my
life, I'll be a beast.
A murderer!
[KYROS crying]
[gasps]
I wish... this world...
...would forget about me!
[KYROS groaning]
[KYROS, DOLDO grunt]
[GYATS]
The mysterious masked man,
known only as "Ricky,"
has climbed the ranks
to do battle with our champion!
[MAN M]
You got this, Kyros!
[DOLDO grunts]
[GYATS] On the brink
of his 3,000th victory,
Kyros seems all but
unstoppable, and yet,
Ricky refuses to
submit to defeat!
[gasps]
[GYATS]
You don't see that every day!
Ricky lands a clean hit
on the mighty Kyros!
Actually, this is
the first time anyone
has landed a clean hit on Kyros
in his entire tenure here!
[DOLDO groans]
--[bell ringing]
--[GYATS] And it's over!
Kyros continues his streak!
Three thousand battles and
three thousand
victories over nine years!
He's a living legend!
You might even say
the word "invincible"
was invented to
describe this man!
Damn it. You're the
leader of this kingdom!
Riku, why?
[DOLDO]
I became quite strong
after training
with you, didn't I?
But you lowered your guard
as soon as you
noticed it was me.
You're not such
a beast after all.
[DOLDO]
You've punished yourself enough.
It's already been nine years.
Nearly a decade of your life,
locked away in this cage.
[KYROS gasps]
[DOLDO] There's something
important I need you to do
on the outside, Kyros.
Rather than regretting the lives
that you took in the past,
you should devote yourself
to saving lives in the future.
I think you can
find meaning in that.
Yes, sir!
[CROWD cheering]
[MAN O]
We're counting on you, Kyros!
[WOMAN G] Kyros! Thanks
for all your hard work!
[ADMIRERS]
Kyros! Protect me!
We love you!
Captain Kyros, so popular
with the ladies!
But I haven't forgotten
that you're a killer!
Honestly!
Father shouldn't allow
you inside the palace.
I object to it!
[BOTH]
Please, Princess Scarlet!
That's cruel! Stop it!
Digging up his old trauma!
[SCARLET] The captain
of the guard is supposed to
be a symbol of
righteousness, not this.
[VIOLET]
Scarlet!
[SCARLET] Even if you can
fool the rest of the kingdom,
you'll never fool me!
You'll show your
true colors soon enough!
Don't you dare lay a finger
on me or my sister.
You keep your
distance. Understand?
[KYROS grunts]
Huh. I dunno.
He's not like that.
[SCARLET]
Stop it! You shouldn't look!
His mind's probably filthy!
But... my job is
to... protect you!
[SCARLET]
No thanks!
--[gasps]
--[rumbling]
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
[TOWNSMAN A] Lady Scarlet
has been kidnapped!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Curse those pirates!
[TOWNSMAN C]
What happened to her bodyguards?
[TOWNSMAN D]
All defeated!
[TOWNSMAN A]
No way!
[TOWNSMAN D]
What should we do?
[SCARLET]
Hm?
[PIRATE A]
Take it easy, Princess.
Don't touch me!
Oh-ho! No use strugglin'.
No one's gonna save you.
I bet her daddy's scared.
Let's send him a ransom notice.
I'm sure he'll
cough it up real quick!
[PIRATE C] Nice idea!
We'll be loaded in no time!
We gotta kidnap
princesses more often!
[PIRATES chuckle]
[KYROS grunts]
Princess!
[PIRATE A groans]
[PIRATE B groans]
You made it!
Who the hell are you?
[KYROS] I'll handle this.
Stay behind me.
[SCARLET]
Hm!
Mm-hm.
As for you...
--[KYROS yelling]
--[PIRATES groaning]
[KYROS snarls]
[PIRATES groaning]
[SCARLET gasps]
It should be safe now.
Are you injured?
I--
Thank you.
[gasps]
[yells]
F-Forgive me for touching you!
[KYROS stammers]
I know you told me not to!
[whimpers]
[KYROS grunting]
[SCARLET]
Kyros! I was so scared!
[KYROS screams]
Forgive me!
Forgive me! [stammering]
[BOTH gasp]
[VIOLET] I can't believe
Scarlet is cooking!
[DOLDO]
I wonder what's gotten into her!
[KYROS stammers]
[DOLDO]
What did you say?
You want to resign
as the royal bodyguard?!
This is rather sudden,
don't you think?
Uh, well, I--
Don't tell me you've fallen
in love with Princess Scarlet!
[KYROS gasps] With a
beautiful princess like her?
No! I could never!
Kyros!
[gasps]
I am...
Hero of the coliseum
and captain of the guards,
married to the eldest princess.
My word.
The people would certainly
celebrate such a union
in private at least.
But because of your past,
it would be condemned,
I'm certain of it.
We're royalty.
That's how it is.
I don't care, Father!
If I can't marry him,
I would rather die!
Understand?
[KYROS, DOLDO gasp]
[DOLDO gasps]
[MOURNER A] Taken from us so
young!
[MOURNER B] I hear it was a
sudden illness.
She would've become a fine queen
someday.
[VIOLET crying]
[DOLDO]
Scarlet.
As of today, you're no longer
a member of the royal family.
Officially, you're
not even alive anymore.
[SCARLET]
Thank you.
I fear I've failed to
repay your kindness.
You most certainly
have, you lout!
But I'm more than
happy to forgive you.
My boy, you've
lived an amazing life.
[KYROS]
Thanks to you, sir.
[REBECCA crying]
[SCARLET]
Her name is Rebecca.
Kyros, she's your child!
Hold her.
[REBECCA giggles]
[KYROS yells]
I shouldn't touch
such an innocent thing!
Not with these tainted hands.
It's not right!
[SCARLET chuckles]
Your father's a strange man.
Sorry!
[giggles]
You're such a little
angel, aren't you?
I'll watch over you.
I'll always be at your side!
[shouts] Your grandpa is here!
Yay, Grandpa!
You've gotten as tall
as my palace, Rebecca!
Father, you can take
off the disguise.
Huh? Kyros?
[KYROS]
Gloves first! Gloves first!
My little girl, you're so cute.
Stop crying!
[DOLDO chuckles]
[REBECCA giggles]
[KYROS] I'd never thought
I'd find such a happy life.
One filled with so much love.
[SCARLET]
Uh? Be careful!
[KYROS] Unfortunately,
that joy was all too brief.
[SCARLET chuckles]
[KYROS]
It's already been ten years.
A fire? What happened?
[growls]
King Riku.
[NARRATOR]
Ten years ago, Kyros,
now only known as
the Toy Soldier,
was tragically torn away
from his loved ones.
In order to restore
the gladiator's humanity,
Usopp begins a desperate
battle with Trebol,
but it may take a miracle if
he wants to make it out alive.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Operation Failed!
Usoland the Hero Dies?!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!